we're now four months into the current
conflict and experts have been mapping
the Damage Done to buildings you can see
them here these red dots the damage
starts in the north but over time moves
South Israeli forces have urged people
to move South too for their own safety
many have but fighting has often ended
up in these very places the current
flash point is here in Rafa close to the
border with Egypt hundreds of thousands
of people have been displaced in Gaza
sometimes they've moved several times
this is a satellite image from October
and this is the change in January tents
Now cover a wide area leading to Rafa
being dubbed a tent city this verified
video gives a sense of conditions here
tents have been built around a cemetery
you can see more in the distance too the
population of Rafa has shot up as people
fled here the UN says it's now 1.5
million compared to a quarter of a
million in
2022 strikes on Rafa have escalated in
recent days this image shows some of the
destruction this appears to be just
beside where the two Israeli hostages
were rescued last night the IDF says
this video shows that rescue and it's
just beside the area where we have
identified the damage Israel's allies
though have expressed concern about the
impact of an offensive a particular
worry is if there's anywhere safe for
people to flee to the raff of Crossing
is closed to most and Israel's yet to
lay out any evacuation plan they say
that would come when an offensive in
Rafa is confirmed